docs/Add-ModuleToProfile.md, before:

---
external help file: MK.PowerShell.4PS-help.xml
Module Name: MK.PowerShell.4PS
online version: https://github.com/marckassay/MK.PowerShell.4PS/blob/master/docs/Add-ModuleToProfile.md
schema: 2.0.0
---

# Add-ModuleToProfile

## SYNOPSIS
{{Fill in the Synopsis}}

## SYNTAX

```
Add-ModuleToProfile [-Path] <String> [[-ProfilePath] <String>] [-NoNewline] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
{{Fill in the Description}}

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1
```powershell
PS C:\> {{ Add example code here }}
```

{{ Add example description here }}

## PARAMETERS

### -NoNewline
{{Fill NoNewline Description}}

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Path
{{Fill Path Description}}

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: 0
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ProfilePath
{{Fill ProfilePath Description}}

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: 1
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see about_CommonParameters (http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

### None

## OUTPUTS

### System.String

## NOTES

## RELATED LINKS

Commit message:

Updates to .\doc\ and README file

docs/Add-ModuleToProfile.md, after:

---
external help file: MK.PowerShell.4PS-help.xml
Module Name: MK.PowerShell.4PS
online version: https://github.com/marckassay/MK.PowerShell.4PS/blob/master/docs/Add-ModuleToProfile.md
schema: 2.0.0
---

# Add-ModuleToProfile

## SYNOPSIS
Appends profile file with an `Import-Module` statement.

## SYNTAX

```
Add-ModuleToProfile [-Path] <String> [[-ProfilePath] <String>] [-NoNewline] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
Appends `$PROFILE` (or `ProfilePath`) file with an `Import-Module` statement that imports the module found with `Path`.

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1
```powershell
PS C:\> Add-ModuleToProfile -Path C:\Users\Alice\PowerSploit
```

The module found in PowerSploit folder will have an `Import-Module` statement added to the default profile ($PROFILE) item.

## PARAMETERS

### -NoNewline
{{Fill NoNewline Description}}

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Path
{{Fill Path Description}}

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: 0
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ProfilePath
{{Fill ProfilePath Description}}

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: 1
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see about_CommonParameters (http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

### None

## OUTPUTS

### System.String

## NOTES

## RELATED LINKS
