docs/Backup-Sources.md, before:

---
external help file: MK.PowerShell.4PS-help.xml
Module Name: MK.PowerShell.4PS
online version: https://github.com/marckassay/MK.PowerShell.4PS/blob/master/docs/Backup-Sources.md
schema: 2.0.0
---

# Backup-Sources

## SYNOPSIS
The `Backups` object defined in `MK.PowerShell-config.json` will copy items to their destination location.

## SYNTAX

```
Backup-Sources [-ConfigFilePath <String>] [-Force] [-Initialize] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
Typically this is called when `MK.PowerShell.4PS` is imported.

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1
```powershell
PS C:\> {{ Add example code here }}
```

{{ Add example description here }}

## PARAMETERS

### -ConfigFilePath
{{Fill ConfigFilePath Description}}

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Force
{{Fill Force Description}}

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Initialize
{{Fill Initialize Description}}

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see about_CommonParameters (http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

### None

## OUTPUTS

### System.Object

## NOTES

## RELATED LINKS

Commit message:

Updated docs for Backup-Sources

docs/Backup-Sources.md, after:

---
external help file: MK.PowerShell.4PS-help.xml
Module Name: MK.PowerShell.4PS
online version: https://github.com/marckassay/MK.PowerShell.4PS/blob/master/docs/Backup-Sources.md
schema: 2.0.0
---

# Backup-Sources

## SYNOPSIS
The `Backups` object defined in `MK.PowerShell-config.json` will copy items to their destination location.

## SYNTAX

```
Backup-Sources [-ConfigFilePath <String>] [-Force] [-Initialize] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
When called with the `Force` switch param, it will disregard `TurnOnBackup` and `BackupPolicy` object in `MK.PowerShell-config.json` and continue to attempt to backup sources that are define in `Backups` object.

 `BackupPolicy` key is set to 'auto' by default and `TurnOnBackup` is set false. Ideally, when `TurnOnBackup` key is set to true prior to importing `MK.PowerShell.4PS`, this will be called and attempt to backup sources.

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1
```powershell
PS C:\> Set-MKPowerShellSetting -Name TurnOnBackup -Value $true
PS C:\> $BackupObject = @(
     @{
      UpdatePolicy = "Overwrite",
      Path = "C:\\Users\\Marc\\AppData\\Roaming\\Code\\User\\keybindings.json",
      Destination = "D:\\Google Drive\\Documents\\PowerShell\\"
    }
PS C:\> Set-MKPowerShellSetting -Name Backups -Value $BackupObject
)
```

This example enables `TurnOnBackup` and assigns one backup object to `Backups`.  When `MK.PowerShell.4PS` imported next, it will attempt to overwrite the keybindings.json file if its in the `$Destination` folder.  If there is no file in that folder it will simpily move it there.  If `UpdatePolicy` had a value of `New`, it will move the file and to add an intger to its basename.  For instance, for this example keybindings.json file will be keybindings(1).json.

## PARAMETERS

### -ConfigFilePath
The config file for `MK.PowerShell.4PS`.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: $([Environment]::GetFolderPath([Environment+SpecialFolder]::ApplicationData) + "\MK.PowerShell\MK.PowerShell-config.json")
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Force
{{Fill Force Description}}

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Initialize
For internal for `MK.PowerShell.4PS` module.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see about_CommonParameters (http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

### None

## OUTPUTS

### System.Object

## NOTES

## RELATED LINKS

[`Get-MKPowerShellSetting`](https://github.com/marckassay/MK.PowerShell.4PS/blob/master/docs/Get-MKPowerShellSetting.md)
[`Set-MKPowerShellSetting`](https://github.com/marckassay/MK.PowerShell.4PS/blob/master/docs/Set-MKPowerShellSetting.md)
[`New-MKPowerShellConfigFile`](https://github.com/marckassay/MK.PowerShell.4PS/blob/master/docs/New-MKPowerShellConfigFile.md)
