docs/Skip-ModuleInProfile.md, before:

---
external help file: MK.PowerShell.4PS-help.xml
Module Name: MK.PowerShell.4PS
online version:
schema: 2.0.0
---

# Skip-ModuleInProfile

## SYNOPSIS
{{Fill in the Synopsis}}

## SYNTAX

```
Skip-ModuleInProfile [[-ProfilePath] <String>] [-Name] <String> [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
{{Fill in the Description}}

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1
```powershell
PS C:\> {{ Add example code here }}
```

{{ Add example description here }}

## PARAMETERS

### -Name
{{Fill Name Description}}

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: 0
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ProfilePath
{{Fill ProfilePath Description}}

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: 1
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see about_CommonParameters (http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

### None

## OUTPUTS

### System.Object

## NOTES

## RELATED LINKS

Commit message:

Fixed issue with X-ModuleInProfile functions

docs/Skip-ModuleInProfile.md, after:

---
external help file: MK.PowerShell.4PS-help.xml
Module Name: MK.PowerShell.4PS
online version:
schema: 2.0.0
---

# Skip-ModuleInProfile

## SYNOPSIS
Prevents an `Import-Module` statement in `$PROFILE` from executing.

## SYNTAX

```
Skip-ModuleInProfile [[-ProfilePath] <String>] [-Name] <String> [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
With `Name` param being a dynamic valid set of module names in `$PROFILE`, when called with one of these names it will comment (`#`) the Import-Module statement for that module.

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1
```powershell
PS C:\> {{ Add example code here }}
```

{{ Add example description here }}

## PARAMETERS

### -Name
{{Fill Name Description}}

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: 0
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ProfilePath
{{Fill ProfilePath Description}}

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: 1
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see about_CommonParameters (http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

### None

## OUTPUTS

### System.Object

## NOTES

## RELATED LINKS

[`Add-ModuleToProfile`](https://github.com/marckassay/MK.PowerShell.4PS/blob/master/docs/Add-ModuleToProfile.md)
[`Reset-ModuleInProfile`](https://github.com/marckassay/MK.PowerShell.4PS/blob/master/docs/Reset-ModuleInProfile.md)
