docs/Update-RootModuleUsingStatements.md, before:

---
external help file: MK.PowerShell.4PS-help.xml
Module Name: MK.PowerShell.4PS
online version: https://github.com/marckassay/MK.PowerShell.4PS/blob/master/docs/Update-RootModuleUsingStatements.md
schema: 2.0.0
---

# Update-RootModuleUsingStatements

## SYNOPSIS
{{Fill in the Synopsis}}

## SYNTAX

```
Update-RootModuleUsingStatements [-Path] <String> [[-SourceDirectory] <String>] [[-Include] <String[]>]
 [[-Exclude] <String[]>] [-PassThru] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
{{Fill in the Description}}

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1
```powershell
PS C:\> {{ Add example code here }}
```

{{ Add example description here }}

## PARAMETERS

### -Exclude
{{Fill Exclude Description}}

```yaml
Type: String[]
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: 3
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Include
{{Fill Include Description}}

```yaml
Type: String[]
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: 2
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -PassThru
{{Fill PassThru Description}}

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Path
{{Fill Path Description}}

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: 0
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -SourceDirectory
{{Fill SourceDirectory Description}}

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: 1
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see about_CommonParameters (http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

### None

## OUTPUTS

### System.Object

## NOTES

## RELATED LINKS

Commit message:

Updates to .\doc\ and README file

docs/Update-RootModuleUsingStatements.md, after:

---
external help file: MK.PowerShell.4PS-help.xml
Module Name: MK.PowerShell.4PS
online version: https://github.com/marckassay/MK.PowerShell.4PS/blob/master/docs/Update-RootModuleUsingStatements.md
schema: 2.0.0
---

# Update-RootModuleUsingStatements

## SYNOPSIS
Prepends module found in `Path` with `using module ...` statements. Those statements are unique 
PS1 file paths that contain functions.

## SYNTAX

```
Update-RootModuleUsingStatements [-Path] <String> [[-SourceDirectory] <String>] [[-Include] <String[]>]
 [[-Exclude] <String[]>] [-PassThru] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
{{Fill in the Description}}

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1
```powershell
PS C:\> {{ Add example code here }}
```

{{ Add example description here }}

## PARAMETERS

### -Exclude
{{Fill Exclude Description}}

```yaml
Type: String[]
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: 3
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Include
{{Fill Include Description}}

```yaml
Type: String[]
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: 2
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -PassThru
{{Fill PassThru Description}}

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Path
{{Fill Path Description}}

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: 0
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -SourceDirectory
{{Fill SourceDirectory Description}}

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: 1
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see about_CommonParameters (http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

### None

## OUTPUTS

### System.Object

## NOTES

## RELATED LINKS

* [`Update-ManifestFunctionsToExportField`](https://github.com/marckassay/MK.PowerShell.4PS/blob/master/docs/Update-ManifestFunctionsToExportField.md)
